Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
Come on!
Well. I will tell
you. Cassandra.
it is great to see Chen
back on American soil
after a three year hiatus
playing for Paris Saint-Germain.
Over in Europe.
You're so right. Nick.
But it's really
hard not to notice
that there is a real
sharpness to Chen's play
that we are just not
used to seeing from her.
I absolutely
agree with that.
Oh.
there she goes.
There she goes.
Oh. down the line.
she is setting up
for another attack.
Offside.
That was not offside!
That was a goal.
It was offside.
Hey. hey. you've
already got a yellow card.
She's wrong!
Hey. ref. you better
check your cell.
You've been making
wrong calls all game.
What is she doing?
No. no. no. no.
Look at Coach's
reaction to that.
And this is exactly what
we've been seeing from her
over the last while. isn't it?
Enough!
And it is all over.
Portland 2. Chicago 1.
That was a
tough loss for the home team.
Coach Avila does not look happy.
She does not.
And why would she be?
That's the third game Chen's
been ejected from this season.
Sorry. Em. that
was a bad call.
When I'm in the zone. all
I think about is a goal.
I know.
That's what makes you so good.
but also gets you in trouble.
How do you stay
so level-headed?
Journaling.
Hey. come out with
us for a change.
Nah. thanks though.
Okay.
Chen.
You.
My office.
When did you start doing that?
It's supposed to be calming.
Right now. I could
use some calm.
Do you know why we signed you?
'Cause I'm the top
scorer of the league.
That. and I thought you could
mentor the younger players.
impart some knowledge
beyond your skills.
But your most notable
moment this season
was pouring your
sports drink on a ref.
That was a bad
call. and you know it.
Just like today.
I wasn't offside!
That was a goal.
Maybe.
But if you already
got a yellow card.
you have to know you
can't argue with the ref!
- But I-
- But you did!
And got ejected.
So we played one man down.
and lost because of it.
If you were anyone else.
I'd have cut you sooner.
So. what?
I'm being reprimanded
because of some lousy ref?
No. you're not
getting reprimanded.
You're getting suspended.
It's not a joke.
I've turned in the paperwork.
You're suspended indefinitely.
for conduct detrimental
to the team.
But I scored half
the goals this season.
You're an amazing player.
You always have been.
You are a great teammate.
but lately you've
become a liability.
I can do better.
Look. I can't
begin to understand
how it's been since
losing Caroline.
which is why I let it
go as far as it did.
But I can't allow
this kind of behavior.
Please. Coach.
Thank you for
an amazing season.
But get some rest. Chen.
What's she thinking?
She can't do that.
I'll start a petition.
And say what?
That you're Emily
freaking Chen.
Gold medalist.
You've won the World
Cup three times.
Only two people have
scored more goals than you
in the history of
American soccer.
And yet I still got suspended.
I'm sure you can fix this.
And I'm sure Coach
will come around.
I'm glad you're
sure. 'cause I'm not.
You know I got you.
And the Chicago
Premier have announced
that their leading
scorer. Emily Chen.
has been suspended indefinitely.
Hey. B. what's up?
Oh. nothing.
Ava and I were just watching
some sports highlights.
Hi. Cucu.
Hi. Ava.
I hope you didn't watch mine.
We did.
Which is why I was thinking-
We were thinking.
Sorry. we.
We were thinking this
would be the perfect time
for you to come visit us.
Be surrounded by
people who love you.
Now is not a good time.
I gotta train.
Train here.
Please. Cucu.
You can come watch
one of my games.
We haven't seen you
in like. forever.
Like pre-folklore era. ever.
Post-reputation for sure.
But we measure time
by Taylor albums.
Taylor who?
I'm gonna forget
you just said that.
Well. we've decided
you're coming.
So...
You're probably gonna
wanna check that.
It's economy class because
I'm a social worker.
But I trust you'll
be comfortable.
Come on. Em.
You need us.
Fine.
Yes!
I'll see you soon.
Hey. guys!
Mm.
Ava. Brandon.
Hey!
Can I start you off
with something to drink?
Flat white with oat. please.
I'm sorry.
Our espresso machine is broken.
and the oats just
didn't wanna be milked.
Just a coffee.
Black.
Mhm.
Thank you.
Another oat milker.
It's what I've been
telling you. Sandra.
You may not agree with it.
but if you don't start
carrying oat milk products.
it's gonna cost you.
And besides the upcharge.
it's gonna pay for itself.
But why would anybody pay
more for watered down oats?
It just makes no sense.
It doesn't have to make sense.
People want what people want.
and you want me to help your
business make you more money.
So...
Alt milk.
We'll put it in the report.
Okay.
I'll put it in the report.
I'm so glad you're
coming to my game tomorrow.
Me too.
I can't wait for
you to meet my coach.
Mhm!
Ava. do you think
you could go stake out
the pie situation?
Mhm.
It's 10:00 AM.
And we're getting it to go.
I'm not an animal.
Just forward thinking.
On it.
I'm glad you're here.
but I wish it didn't take
something as catastrophic
as you being suspended
to come to town.
Look. I know you and Ava
watch games over video chat.
but that's no substitute
for you not being here.
You know. with Caroline gone.
you're the closest
thing she has to a mom.
Ava misses you. you know?
No pressure.
That's not fair.
You're right.
I'll do better.
Thanks.
Why do you insist
on wearing all that?
Because. I've trained
with you before.
Did you find out
what's going on with Ava?
That kid's a closed book.
She'll come around.
You know. I would
say it's not fair
that you got all the athletic
talent in the family but...
I did get all the
good looks. so.
Mhm.
Oh!
Cucu. it's so early.
I love that photo of us.
Your mom scored three
goals in that game.
You know what her
post-game demand was?
Donuts.
You. me. your mom...
I miss her so much.
Me too.
But seriously. are you
gonna eat the donuts?
'Cause I thought you
were on training mode.
Mm...
I'll eat carbs for you.
Ooh.
Mhm.
Yeah. yeah. yeah. yeah. yeah.
Ah. come on!
There you go.
Nice!
Yeah.
yeah. there. there!
Hey. hey. hey.
Whoa. whoa. whoa.
All right. volleyball.
Hey. A little help.
Hey.
Oh.
You wanna play. don't you?
That obvious?
Yeah.
I mean. we need. you
know. another player.
We'll be huffling.
Well. nobody really
stretches that long.
Not true.
Yeah?
Yogis. gymnasts.
People who have bad backs.
And which one are you?
Okay. fine.
Yeah?
Hey. I got you guys a player.
Go get warmed up.
All right.
Let's see what you got.
All right. that's
enough showin' off.
Yes! Emily Chen is back!
My ankle. man.
I'm so sorry.
It was a pickup
game. all right?
It's supposed to be fun.
I think you're gonna have
to get this checked out.
My brother lives down the
street. I can drive you.
No. you have done enough.
You see this all the time.
- Who's there?
- Wait.
Hey. look.
Stop.
I just...
What?
Hello? Brando speaking.
Oh. no. That's terrible.
Well. I would. but it's been
years since I've played.
Can you just hold for a sec?
Ava's coach had some
kind of emergency.
They're gonna have to forfeit
unless we can find
someone to fill in.
What?
No. I've never coached before.
You're a professional
soccer player.
You're like the perfect person.
Please?
We're one win away
from the playoffs.
They've never been
this close before.
Okay. yeah.
Yes!
Yeah. hey.
My sister will do it.
Yeah. She'd love to.
Okay. thanks.
Bye.
Is that your sister?
- Hi. Em.
- Oh. hey.
Oh!
Oh my gosh. you don't
even know who I am.
and here I am hugging you.
I'm Sheila!
But I also answer to
"Mom" or "Hey You".
or of course. "Team Parent".
Thank you so much for
stepping in like this.
Of course.
Anything for Ava.
Okay. well. I'll let
you get to it then.
Pearl Thunder! Circle up!
Okay.
You.
You're gonna give
her your gloves.
and you are gonna
be a goalkeeper.
and you are gonna be striker.
Oh.
- Um...
- Interesting.
Are you sure she
knows what she's doing?
Well. she's never coached
a game in her life. so. no.
We got it.
Ready?
Bold choice!
Over here!
I'm open! I'm open!
Oh...
You.
Whoa. Oh.
How's your ankle?
Oh. like you care.
Believe it or not.
I'm capable of empathy.
I feel really terrible about it.
Yeah? Yeah?
My ankle is gonna be fine.
It's a light sprain.
It'll heal quickly.
Good.
Mhm.
Did you come all the
way here for an apology?
This?
This is my team.
And what is Alicia
doing playing striker?
She's good. isn't she?
We're winning 5-1. and
she scored four of those.
You know what?
Winning. it's not everything.
Tell that to my trophy case.
Aw. that is cute.
You know what? Thank
you for stepping in.
I appreciate you covering.
I've got it covered from here.
By all means.
What...
Oh.
You're welcome.
Up. up.
up! Purple Thunder!
Good job. girls.
Did you see us out there?
I scored four goals!
I heard you were
on fire. yeah!
But you know what. girls?
Winning isn't everything.
It certainly isn't the
most important thing.
What's the most important
thing is having fun. right?
We did!
Because they won.
Yeah.
Well. win or lose.
I'm proud of you.
I hate to be the one to bring
up the elephant in the room.
but with you on crutches.
you can't possibly train
the girls this week.
So we've all been talking.
and we think Emily
should stay on.
At least through this next game.
Let's get to the quarter finals!
Yes!
I don't think it's
a good idea. Sheila.
Well you thought a good idea
was playing your
best striker in goal.
Please? Please?
All right. You know what?
Let's do this thing. huh?
I gotta go finish
some homework.
What you working on?
Oh.
Mm...
I just have to read
something from language arts.
As the kids would say
these days. that was sus.
Agreed. But I
wouldn't worry about it.
She's a great kid.
Yeah. you're probably right.
Hey. listen.
Thanks for everything.
It means a lot there.
helping out with Ava's team.
We haven't been as close
as we used to be lately.
Yeah?
Well. she's at that age.
I'm sure there's stuff she'd
rather talk to Caroline about.
You don't think she
wants to talk to you
about her first crush?
Well. I don't see
why she wouldn't.
I'm a cool dad.
A cool dad would never
use the phrase "cool dad".
Only a cool dad will
You're sad.
You know. you're
the opposite of happy.
Mhm.
- Let me just-
- Mm-mm!
Finish up here.
and give you a chance
to go out and explore.
You know. live your best life.
Party.
- Okay.
I can take a hint.
So. how are things
going in Southern Pines?
Training's great.
I mean. there's not much to
do here. so that's a plus.
Did I tell you I started
coaching for Ava's team?
That's awesome.
Good for you.
Hey. what's that behind you?
Twelfth Night?
Maybe you could try
your hand at acting.
Sorry to disappoint.
but I think I've just
missed the cutoff.
Besides. the only time that
I've ever been on stage
is when I was in fourth grade
in this Can-Can musical.
Please tell me you have
video evidence of that.
Not a chance.
Well. now that
we've ruled out the theater.
where are you thinking?
Dunno.
Beg coach for another chance?
Give up any remaining shred of
dignity or self-preservation?
I was more thinking.
what are you thinking
of doing tonight?
Oh.
Ooh. question answered.
Follow them.
I have to get up early.
For what exactly?
Uh. okay. okay.
I'm going.
Oh. excuse me.
How does this work?
Oh. no solo players.
Need to join a team.
Oh. Great.
Whoa!
Oh my God. I'm so sorry.
Let me help you.
Oh.
It's you.
There you are!
Thought you fell in the
toilet or something.
Uh. almost.
Hi. I'm Noor.
And you are?
Not a hugger.
Uh. this is Emily.
Emily is the reason why I'm on
crutches and soaked in beer.
Oh.
I can't tell if that's
a good or bad "ah".
You know what. I've known
her since kindergarten.
and I can never tell either.
Oh. I almost forgot why I
come over in the first place.
Liz messaged to say
she can't make it.
Well. we needed four to play.
What?
It was really
nice to meet you.
I have to go home.
Again. I'm really sorry.
You know. we need a
team of four to play.
Would you like to play trivia?
You'd be doing us a favor.
Yeah?
Yeah.
I'd love to.
So. what brings you
to Southern Pines?
Seems like a random stop
for a professional
athlete like yourself.
- Family.
- Aw.
Now that I have a
little bit more time
on my hands than usual.
How do you guys know each other?
Oh. Ian challenged me and Dion
to a race the first
day of kindergarten.
and we have been
friends ever since.
I thought you don't
care about winning.
Oh. he's all about
the competition.
Every jog-a-thon. he out
laps the rest of us by miles.
practically refusing to stop.
They would be
taking in the cones.
and he'd still be running.
Interesting.
It was for charity.
Lies!
You lived for it!
And he always won too.
He's one of those
annoyingly perfect humans
that's just good at
everything they try.
Yeah?
All right. enough from you.
Who was the only woman
to be officially
drafted by the NBA?
Oh. I feel like
I should know this.
Lucia Harris?
Oh.
Nice.
What team was she drafted by?
- Uh...
- You know it.
The New Orleans Jazz.
- Okay!
- Go. go!
Nice. good job.
All right. this is the
last question of the night.
And the category is...
Music of the 90s!
We totally got this.
I strongly agree.
They used to call Ian.
"The Human Jukebox".
Nice. And I'm freakishly
good at Name That Tune.
So I say. we bet it all.
Mm. mhm.
No. that's too risky.
We're already up by five.
Why would we do that?
Exactly.
The second team won't
be able to take the lead
if we put it all in.
Go big or go home.
Five. five. five. five.
Okay.
In Meat Loaf's
1993 power ballad.
"I'd Do Anything for Love
".
what are the seven things
he won't do for love?
Never lie to her.
Never forget how
she feels tonight.
Never forgive himself if
he doesn't go all the way.
do it better-
Than he does it with her!
Nice.
Stop dreaming of her
every night of his life.
See that it's time to move on.
That's six.
Okay. Come on.
Come on. you got this.
- Oh. okay. I got it.
You know the 7th?
Perfect.
She's got it.
Thank you.
Okay. perfect.
Oh. looks like we've got two
teams with correct answers.
So just give us a
second to tally here.
Okay. so. team Nom-Nom-Nom
was in fourth place.
but you bet 20 points. so
that jumps you up to the lead.
Now. let's take a look and see-
Sorry. guys.
What team Just For
Kicks wagered. it's...
5 points.
Team Nom-Nom-Nom!
Here you go.
You win some. you lose some.
Hey. here's our nom. nom. nom!
Okay!
All right. these...
These are why we play.
They're amazing.
The best wings in the world.
I don't want
consolation wings.
I want victory wings.
You should've won.
Winning isn't the point.
Winning is always the point.
Enjoy the wings.
Thanks for the game.
Did you see they're doing
Twelfth Night this year?
Anyone trying out?
A hard pass.
You're the CEO
of being dramatic.
How are you not trying out?
Um. because I'd rather
have a furry little hamster
run across my belly
while I'm sleeping
than get up in front
of other people
and recite some
dead guy's lines.
That was dramatic.
See. you should
definitely try out.
I actually think it'd
be fun. I might audition.
Is that ridiculous?
No. that's low key impressive.
How can there not be
a single offensive drill
in this entire practice?
This is your chance
at the quarter-finals.
Do you think that I won three
World Cups by playing small?
Female athletes have
enough going against them.
It is our job as coaches not to-
Bingo.
You're my assistant coach.
So assist me.
It's my team. Can
we try it my way?
If we do things your way.
they're gonna be holding hands.
skipping down the field.
Oh. okay. That's a bit
dramatic. don't you think?
Speaking of drama.
Sorry. ladies.
We were just having a
little disagreement.
trying to air out
our differences here.
That's nothing.
You should see how
mad my mom gets
when my dad eats
all the ice cream.
Let's do the
numbers drill. yeah?
Okay. come on.
So excited.
Can you please try and
get along with Coach?
We get along fine.
We all heard you out there.
How much did you hear?
Enough.
So you heard how he thinks
he knows more about
soccer than I do.
I played with Jill Ellis.
Okay. I think I know
more than he does
with my long and storied career
as a professional soccer player.
Cucu. we all know
you can be a little...
How can I put this nicely?
Super frickin' stubborn.
Me? Stubborn?
Yes!
And you know what my
best teachers never do?
Go on and on about how
much better they are.
Because their job is to teach.
not to be right all the time.
That was harsh.
But you do have a point.
I promise to try to be better.
Thank you.
Now. can we get tacos?
I'm starving.
No. we're gonna go
have Chinese food.
Tacos! Because I
am a team player.
See. I can be a team player.
Hey.
Oh. hey.
Thanks for coming.
Oh. hey. no crutches.
Yeah. turns out
I'm a quick healer.
Thanks. Sandra.
I don't think she likes me.
I ordered a flat white
with oat the other day.
She wasn't havin' it.
Let me tell you a
secret about Sandra.
She's a little rough
on the front end.
but once you're in with her.
you're like basically
a town local.
So she's like a town bouncer.
Yeah. she's kind of
like a town bouncer.
Hang on.
Oh. Miss Sandra.
Can I get what we talked
about the other day?
Thanks.
- Mhm.
Yeah.
Were you just...
Were you hiding?
I wasn't hiding.
You were hiding.
Eh.
Oh. How'd you get
the oat milk hook up?
Is this some kind
of locals only.
secret society kind of thing?
And how do I become a member?
I do a little
consulting for the cafe.
and I convinced
Sandra that carrying
an alternative milk product
would be financially
beneficial for her. so.
Never pegged you
for a money guy.
Mm. yeah. I don't really
like to think of it like that.
I just. you know...
I enjoy strengthening small
businesses financially.
It's just sort of doing my
part to help my community.
That's actually
pretty admirable.
Yeah?
Mm.
And I'm glad you
see it that way.
Speaking of business.
it's come to my attention
that a certain someone. Ava.
would like for us to get along.
Okay.
I know that we have
different coaching strategies.
but at the end of the day.
we want what's best
for the players.
Yeah. I couldn't agree more.
So. what do you say
we take a 13 year old's
advice and compromise.
Wow.
I mean. when you put it like
that. it hurts a little bit.
But yes. we should
present the united front.
We cannot. absolutely cannot
be seen arguing again.
Well. a little
disagreement is healthy. no?
Unless I missed a memo
that you're the town
relationship expert.
You have no idea about
my past relationships.
Sorry.
It was just a joke.
Listen...
I think I know how we can
both get what we want.
I tell you what.
I will give you 10 minutes
of defensive drills.
if you give me lava field.
Field is lava?
Come on.
We have a deal?
Done.
All right. good.
Sandra. we are ready to feast.
Yes.
You gotta taste
these. they're amazing.
Just an egg white
spinach omelet for me.
Training mode.
Oh.
Just a matter of time before
I get back on the field.
I love that confidence.
It's essential for a champion.
But also. you know...
I tell every client it's
essential to have a backup plan
for any successful business.
You know. that way you
avoid disappointment.
Okay.
But this is my career.
and not some diner.
Life isn't about
mitigating disaster.
It's about going
for what you want.
Wow.
Okay.
While I appreciate your input.
I know what's best for me.
In that case...
I don't wanna mess up
your training diet.
That's right. girls.
That's right.
Why do you keep
checking the stop watch?
This drill teaches communication
and teamwork skills.
You know what else could
teach them how to communicate?
By passing the ball.
That's 10. Coach.
Okay. this is my whistle.
This is the head coach whistle.
and you agreed to this format.
And you agreed to a
10 minute time limit.
Besides. this exercise
isn't even soccer adjacent.
Yeah. well. who's
got the whistle. huh?
Head coach.
All right. box
drill. everybody!
Grab a ball and hustle up.
Okay.
I pray you. tell me if this
be the lady of the house.
for I never saw her.
I would be loath to
cast away my speech...
Sorry.
I should've knocked.
That was great. by the way.
Shakespeare?
Mhm. yeah.
Twelfth Night.
Well. your dad's
pretty hungry.
And you know how he gets when
his sugar dips down real low.
- Hangry.
- Exactly.
I'll be right now.
So. how's training?
You know. I mean.
it's going pretty...
We're not bickering in front
of the players anymore.
so that's good.
Just. it was going
good the way it was.
Good?
Wasn't your team like 0 and 10?
Oh. that was last season.
Oh. right.
Well. what about the players?
How do they feel?
Oh. they love it.
Of course. they do.
Imagine being 13
and being trained
by a professional athlete.
You know. we would've
lost our minds
if Beckham would've shown
up to one of our practices.
Yeah. all right.
Point made. point made.
Problem is. she is so difficult.
All she cares about is winning.
Maybe she just
needs you to teach her
the value of teamwork.
Okay.
If a life and professional
sports couldn't teach her that.
how can I?
Oh. actually...
A couple of years ago.
I did a ropes course with
a few of my employees.
It was a great bonding exercise.
I think you and Emily
should try that.
Yeah. ropes.
Yeah.
It's pretty easy
too. A lot of fun.
Hey.
Oh. hey.
Nice outfit.
Look at us. It's
like we planned it.
Meant to be.
Yeah.
So. I don't know
where we're going yet.
Can I guess?
Yeah. you can guess.
But you know. I'm gonna
cap it at three tries. so.
Deal.
Minigolf.
That's one.
- Brewery.
- Two.
Can you tell me if I'm warm?
No. you're ice cold.
We're not going
geocaching. are we?
That's three.
That's a weird guess.
and you're done.
Are people still
reading those things?
Oh.
Funny.
Hey. isn't that the
place you put an offer on
a few years ago?
Ah. it's
the place I almost
put an offer on a few years ago.
Right. yeah.
Kind of big for
a consulting firm.
Actually. I was
gonna turn this
into a sports training center.
I was gonna keep the
soccer field just as it is.
Then I was gonna blow it out.
put some other fields in.
hot yoga room. climbing wall.
Wow.
Cool.
- Yeah.
- What happened?
You know...
Life got in the way.
What? Is that it?
That's all you're gonna give me?
Okay. since you're asking.
getting a divorce kinda
put a wrench in things.
I did. I did ask.
So. what now?
Did you give it
any more thought?
We're gonna be late.
Come on.
Uh. okay.
So. how did you get
into consulting?
Oh. well. I helped
my best friend Dion
restore an old.
rundown summer camp
that we used to go to.
and he now uses it
for birthday parties
and family reunions
and business.
It's successful.
Sounds fun.
Okay. listen. Listen. lady.
I may not be a
fancy soccer player
who gets to travel
around the world.
but numbers are predictable.
and I like helping people
in my own community
build their small businesses.
Don't you think it's ironic
that you help other businesses
succeed and not your own?
Okay. all right.
You know what? Let's
get harnessed up.
Come on.
You're funny.
Oh.
You're not kidding.
Nah-uh.
Yeah. no. I don't do heights.
Oh. I'm a jerk.
I didn't even think to ask
if you were afraid
of heights or not.
I'm not afraid.
I was just kidding.
Wait...
Last one there gets to run
an extra drill at practice!
I'm confused.
So you are afraid
or you're not...
Why is everything a
competition with this one?
I win!
Howdy.
- Hi.
Hi.
We have an
appointment. 1 o'clock.
Under the name of Ian.
- Ian.
- Yeah.
Yeah. I got you right here.
Gosh. I wish my partner
was into stuff like this.
We're not a couple.
Oh. well. props
to you for planning
such an adventurous
first date then.
We're not. We work together.
Oh. well...
1 in 10 couples do meet
in the workplace. so.
All right. let's get
you sized up here.
- It's not funny.
- It's funny.
It's not funny.
You know what?
On second thought. maybe
the advanced course
was a bit ambitious.
Oh. no. This is
still the basic course.
Basic.
We do have a
kids course though.
if this is too
much for you guys.
You want to do
the kids course?
No. I'm not a kid.
I can do this.
I'm ready.
All right.
Okay.
You good?
Yeah.
Let's do this thing.
Okay.
Whenever you're ready.
Is everything okay?
Sorry.
You got this.
Emily.
Hey. are you all right?
Do you want to go back?
We'll turn around.
No.
I said I wanted to do
this. and I'm gonna do it.
I just need you to
talk me through this.
Okay. I can do that.
Here's what I want you to do.
I want you to look at me.
and just follow the
sound of my voice.
I can't.
Yes. you can.
Come here.
No. you don't understand.
I've been like
this my whole life.
I'm afraid of heights.
I know it's irrational.
but I'm a rational person.
I swear.
It's just that I can't.
No. I unders-
My body won't do it.
Listen. I get it.
It might be rational.
but it's also scary.
Yeah.
But you don't
have to be afraid.
because you're not
doing it alone.
I'm right here with you.
So just look at me.
I just need you to
take three small steps.
All right?
Come on. look at me.
There you go. Right here.
It's perfect.
You ready?
First step.
One. yup.
Oh my gosh.
It's great. It's great.
Yeah. Yeah.
All right. two.
You're so close.
All right.
Last one.
I got you. I got you.
Wait.
You did it!
You did it.
Woo!
You guys really are
such a cute couple.
We're not a couple!
All right. let's go!
Here we go!
Yeah!
Yes!
You're our good luck charm!
No luck necessary.
They worked really hard.
They are winners!
Which is what we want
to talk to you about.
We think Emily should stay on.
I agree.
No. just hear me out. okay?
If we win the semi-final.
that means that we
go to the final.
Amazing!
But you know what that
means for the team parents?
It means I have to
reschedule six wine socials.
three book club meetings.
two Bunco games.
and a PTA fundraiser.
And I certainly don't wanna
go through all that work
if the girls aren't getting
the training they need.
Sheila. I think it's-
Please. just one more thing!
I think it's a great idea!
I love it.
- What?
- Yeah.
Yeah.
- Really?
- Why not?
Why mess with a good thing. huh?
Okay. then yes!
I'd love to stay on!
- Congrats. Dad.
- Yes! Yes!
Well. look at that.
Ha!
You saw that. didn't you?
Yeah. your secret's
safe with me.
Now. if you want to try
some real dip. come here.
Who brings a carved out
bread bowl to a team party?
There's probably a gross.
store-bought dip inside.
Mm!
This is amazing. Ian.
Did you put homemade
tahini inside the hummus?
I did. Sheila. Yes. I did.
I need this recipe.
I'll give it to you.
Okay. deal.
What were you saying?
Nothing.
Oh. nothing.
You know. usually when
people lash out like that.
there was this unresolved
want underneath.
Okay. Brene Brown.
Who's Brene? Who is that?
Who's he?
What?
I never learned my
way around the kitchen
because of all the traveling.
I'm more of a
takeout kind of gal.
That's why homemade tahini
leaves me a little jealous.
Well. I could show
you a few things
around the kitchen if you want.
I'll think about it.
It's time! It's time!
Ooh. it is time.
All right. three-legged race.
It's good for team building.
Come on.
- Your specialty.
- Come on.
Three. two. one!
Go!
Come on!
Hurry up. hurry up.
We gotta go!
They're winning.
they're winning!
Hurry up. we're gonna...
We can still do it.
we can still win.
Come on. come on. come on!
God. you're so slow!
What are we doing?
We're gonna win!
We go this. come on!
And in some uplifting news.
Emily Chen coaches a
Washington youth soccer team
to the semi-finals.
Could this be a new Emily?
Well. there's some less
uplifting news as well.
The Premier continue
their losing streak.
Seems they can't find a win
without Chen carrying them.
So. what's holding you back?
I wanna audition.
I do.
But...
What if I get the part?
That's normally a good thing.
Sure.
But if I get the part. I
won't be able to do OTP.
And if I don't get in
the extra training.
I'll never get a
college scholarship.
And if I don't play in college.
I'll never go pro
like you and mom.
That's a lot of ifs.
I want you to know
that no matter what.
I'm always gonna be here to
support you. soccer or not.
And your mom.
she's gonna be happy with
whatever you decide to do.
My two cents...
Follow your heart.
What does it tell you?
I don't know.
I love soccer.
There's just so many other
things I want to try.
Follow your heart.
Proud of you.
All I did was write my name
down on a piece of paper.
I think it was a little
bit more than that.
- Hi!
- Whoa!
Gosh. What's with all
the physical affection?
I mean. I'm not complaining.
I'm here for it.
Seriously. thank you
so much for coming.
I can't wait to see
their reactions.
Here they come. Here they come.
You're Maya Fayad.
Hi. Hello.
This is literally like
my biggest dream come true.
This is great.
Hey.
Hi. Emily.
Who's your friend?
I wanted it to be a surprise.
I hope it's okay.
Yeah. no. of course.
A friend of Emily's is
a friend of the team.
Isn't that right. ladies?
Yes!
Awesome!
Well. who wants to
learn some new tricks?
Me!
Let's go that way.
Come on. come on. come on.
We got this.
We'll get 'em this time.
It's so cool that you're
coaching these kids.
Did you grow up playing?
Yeah. I played a little.
A little?
He was about to be
a Clemson Tiger.
I didn't know that.
Injury?
Marriage.
Oops.
Yeah. I chose love
over a scholarship
to a ACC powerhouse.
But you know. no big deal.
Eh. it's kind of a big deal.
especially 'cause she left.
Thanks for that!
You know what? I made a choice.
I don't regret it.
And I still have a little
bit of soccer in my life. so.
You must have
been really good.
You seem surprised.
How about that!
That's what I'm talking about!
Winner buys the next round.
- Okay.
- All right.
Okay
Or we can just play.
You know. Maya. I
gotta thank you.
The girls have been so excited
to actually work with a
professional soccer player.
Whoa. What?
What about me?
Oh!
You said winner
buys the next round.
That's us.
You know what?
You're our guest.
Yeah. we'll get it.
Aw.
Hey. I gotta say. you
took that loss really well.
Well. someone taught me
that it's okay to just play.
Yeah?
That person sounds
mature and wise.
And very good looking.
So. how are you?
Better.
This town's really
growing on me.
Enough to stay?
Let's not get carried away.
Good.
Because I think Coach
Avila might bring you back.
Really?
Would you like me to go in
with you for moral support?
Parents aren't
allowed. thankfully.
Okay. I'll be right
here when you're done.
Oh. I'm sure you will be.
Team Chen!
Okay.
Oh.
Hey.
Here to audition?
No. Actually. I'm
here to see Sandra.
How about you?
Why are you here?
Ava's trying out
for Twelfth Night!
Oh. she is?
That's cool. She inside already?
I don't know.
I'm not allowed in.
Yeah. I know.
There was a local stage mom
who ruined it for everybody.
Who?
Eh. I don't know
if I should tell you.
Sheila.
Well. it's fine.
I should probably respect
that and give her space.
Yeah.
You could do that.
Or...
Ooh.
Come here.
Can you see her?
No.
Oh. yes!
I see her!
Yeah. What is she doing?
She's walking on stage.
She looks so confident.
Exquisite and unmatchable
beauty. I pray you!
The director's clapping.
She's smiling.
Yeah.
Let's show them
what we're made of!
Lower! That's good!
Shuffle. shuffle.
Side shuffle.
That's good. South.
Good. Spencer.
Good hustle. Good hustle.
That's it. Darr.
Going lower. Chen. going lower.
Yes. yes. yes. yes.
- All right.
- All right. everybody.
Good job. ladies.
Good job.
Bring it in.
Circle up. circle up.
All right.
Wonderful. Great.
We are taking the
rest of the week off.
We have no more practice.
I want you to eat good
food. not junk food.
Don't stay up late
watching TikTok
and doing whatever you guys do.
because we gotta get
ready for the semi-finals.
Yeah!
Who are we?
Purple Thunder!
Great practice.
Good practice.
Whew.
Whoa. hang on.
Is that you?
Oh. I think that was
a bobcat that snarled.
Yeah. that was me.
I could use a bread
bowl right about now.
Thanks for asking.
You're hungry?
You know. tonight
would be a good night
for a cooking lesson.
- All right.
- Yeah?
See you later.
So basically. we're
making a fancy pizza?
Ah-ah. no.
It's mushroom ricotta galette.
It's French.
Mm.
Dough.
Cheese.
Sauce.
That's a pizza.
It is a pizza. isn't it?
Yeah. but you know.
and it's the best pizza
that you'll ever taste.
I'll be the judge of that.
Yeah? You?
Quick to judge?
Imagine that.
Judging me. judge.
So. how'd you
get into cooking?
Tell you what. I'm
gonna cut mushrooms.
You shred cheese. and I
will tell you the story
about when my ex-wife
was in medical school.
and I was home a lot alone
in the early years
of our marriage.
And in order to keep
myself entertained
and a lot less lonely.
I started watching
the Cooking Channel.
And I don't know. I
started challenging myself
while making more
elaborate meals.
and it sort of became a hobby.
What's a hobby?
Okay. I know you're joking.
but you know. I haven't
heard you talk about anything
that lights you up
other than soccer.
Truthfully. I don't even know.
Soccer has been my life
for the last 20 years.
If I'm not playing or training.
then I'm watching and analyzing.
I didn't realize how sad
it was until recently.
Yeah. it's sad.
It's very sad.
It's sad indeed.
Judgey McJudgey.
Ah.
Actually. when Ava said
that she was gonna audition.
I was kind of relieved.
I never got to be
a kid or have fun.
I don't want that for her.
I missed out on a lot.
Yeah? Like what?
Like pinewood derby
races in summer camp.
Okay. that's oddly specific.
And that trip to the
water slide in eighth grade.
Actually. no.
I don't think so.
Everybody got norovirus.
Ew. Hopefully not
on the water slides.
I never got to paper mche
those ridiculous giant
floats for homecoming.
Given this a lot of
thought. haven't you?
Free time will do that to you.
Anyway. enough about me.
What about you?
How'd you end up
in Southern Pines?
Well. Southern
Pines is my hometown.
I love it here.
So after medical school. we
moved back. and then she left.
Why?
Um...
Small town.
Glass ceiling.
She had huge dreams.
She wanted a big
city. so she left.
You didn't wanna go with her?
No. I would've loved
to have gone with her.
but she had this theory
that she could either be a
great doctor or a great wife.
but not both.
So. you know. she left.
And God speed to her.
She's an amazing doctor
and it gives her joy.
and I am happy for her.
but that wasn't for me.
You know?
I love it here.
It's my home.
This is where I live.
I'm never gonna leave.
Why?
Okay.
I could tell you why. but I
think I'd rather show you.
Mm.
It's
beautiful. isn't it?
Wow.
How have I never
seen this before?
I guess I'm just not in
town as much as I should be.
Now. is that just
the traveling or...
Yeah. and I've kind of
been avoiding this place
ever since Ava's mom.
Caroline. passed away.
Okay.
Like. I know that she's
not in the picture.
but I never wanted to pry.
Cancer.
That's awful.
Yeah.
It sucks.
Were you guys close?
Actually. she
was my best friend.
I was the one that
introduced her to Brandon.
We played soccer together at 1C.
and we both got picked
up with the Triumphs.
When she passed away.
I kind of lost it.
like with the team.
Played in Europe for
a few years and...
Anything. really. to avoid it.
Yeah.
But that's not how
grief works. is it?
Yeah. that's
what I'm realizing.
And I'm also learning
that it's better
to spend time with
the ones you love
than to avoid the pain
of the ones you've lost.
Yeah.
I know something about
trying to avoid the pain.
All right.
This is why I brought you here.
Okay.
So. you're gonna
lay on this table.
I know. you gotta trust me.
Mhm.
Lay down.
And...
Behold.
Wow.
It's pretty. isn't it?
Oh my gosh.
It's beautiful.
You know. you spoke
about avoiding the pain
of the ones you're lost.
Well. I have been avoiding
myself after my divorce.
I feel like. I guess.
having failed at the one thing
was supposed to last forever.
I'm just. I don't know...
I'm afraid to try anything.
Is that why you gave up
on your sports complex?
I mean. you help
businesses every day.
There's no one more
qualified than you.
Thank you for saying that.
I mean. you have to remember.
you can just as easily fail
in something you don't want.
as in something you want.
That is a terrifying thought.
Thank you for that.
I'm confused.
What about?
You live in Southern
Pines for the stars?
No.
I live in Southern Pines for
the feeling that I have here.
I feel it too.
Oh. I got the part!
Congratulations!
Congratulations! Oh my gosh!
I thought you were training!
She's a sneaky one.
I'm so proud of you.
Team Chen!
How was your first rehearsal?
Good.
It's so much
different than soccer.
What's wrong?
I'm excited.
I really am.
But I also feel guilty.
Like. I'm not gonna be following
in my mama's footsteps.
Or yours.
Ava. I'm so sorry.
Hey. I didn't mean to put
all this pressure on you.
Your mom...
Would've been thrilled for you.
You sure you're
not disappointed?
Never.
Ah. right there.
Pinewood derby carts.
I figured since you didn't
get to make these as a kid.
we can just make
some of our own.
I can't believe
you did all this.
Can I ask you something?
Yeah.
Humility aside...
I'm a gold mine of
advice for your players.
How come you never ask
me about my career?
Because I don't wanna
treat you differently
because you're this amazing.
famous soccer player.
Trust me. I know how
impressive your resume is.
but I like to evaluate people
based on their personalities.
not their accomplishments.
You think I'm amazing?
Yeah.
I think that that's pretty
amazing. number one.
I channeled eight
year old Emily.
and this is what
she's always wanted.
Well. she got what she wanted.
Yeah.
But can you hold
onto the title?
Oh. yeah.
Are you ready to lose?
Oh!
All right. you put your
racer right on the track.
Just like that. okay?
Okay.
On your marks...
Get set...
- Hey.
- What?
Win or lose. today's
been really special.
I don't think anyone's
ever done something
this thoughtful to me before.
Well. you're welcome.
Okay. go!
Hey. wait a minute!
Yay!
I won!
Yeah. of course you won.
You cheated.
You want some pancakes?
Yeah!
Come on.
All right. your pancake's up.
You ready for it?
Okay.
Good. Okay.
You want some syrup?
Mhm.
Mm. Okay.
Thank you.
You're right.
This is the only way
to have pancakes.
Mm.
What do you think?
- Mm.
You have a gift.
All right. don't say
things you don't mean.
Seriously.
What's that look?
This is the look
of me thinking you
should stick around.
Stick around in
Southern Pines?
Southern Pines.
for the team...
Me.
Um...
I guess we should go. huh?
Yeah. yeah.
We should.
We won!
Purple Thunder!
We're going to the championship!
That's my girls!
Hey. Emily.
Hey.
What are you...
What are you doing later?
Wanna go over strategy?
I was thinking we could
shelve the soccer talk
and I don't know. get
out of these clothes.
You're being super vague.
A date. I'm asking you
out on a proper date.
Well. technically. we've
been out a bunch already.
No. I know. but I'm thinking
it's time we make it official.
Like. an official date.
I'd love to.
Yeah?
I know an incredible tapas-
- I'm in.
I'll pick you up at 5 o'clock.
Okay.
Bye.
Ooh!
Was that Coach Ian?
You're half right.
Coach Avila.
Does she want you
back on the team?
That could be a possibility.
Mhm.
How would you feel about that?
I'm gonna tell you what
my wise aunt told me.
I'm gonna be here for
you. no matter what.
Oh...
Whatever it is I
decide. I promise.
we're gonna see
more of each other.
I know.
And I'll be here
for the championships.
Deal?
Deal.
Wow. look at this.
I know.
Are you ready for tonight?
Oh. I got this.
Yeah. you were born ready.
Team Chen.
Team Chen!
Yeah!
Oh. can I help you with that?
Oh.
I'm Emily.
I don't think we've
officially met.
Yeah. Ava's aunt. right?
That's right.
Mhm.
You can just put
that over there.
Can I help you
with anything else?
Not unless you
wanna paint sets.
I'm no Picasso. but if
you need help. I'm in.
And I could recruit others too.
Thank you.
Yeah.
Come right this way.
Uh. we're outta paint.
Oh. I'll get it.
Yeah? You don't mind?
Mhm.
Hi. Sandra.
We need more paint.
Hey!
That is a very good
looking painting outfit
you have on there.
- Thank you.
Mhm. And I love the heels.
Yeah. it's really easy
to paint with heels on.
Wow.
Someone's not so much
the outsider anymore.
It's really nice to be
part of the community.
Yeah. pretty soon you'll
be running for mayor.
Okay.
Cheers.
Wasn't all that bad. was it?
Mm.
Hey. and look at us!
We still got to wear
our fancy clothes.
Yes.
You...
You look fantastic.
Thank you. handsome.
I know that we
weren't supposed to talk
about soccer on our date.
but I have one thing
that I want to say.
I think our girls are
gonna win the championship.
Wait. I'm sorry.
Did you just say "win"?
Yeah.
Aren't you the guy who
doesn't believe in winning?
Oh my gosh.
Well. I gotta say
it feels really good
to have a little bit of
that competitive fire back.
and I have you to thank for it.
Oh!
- You're welcome.
No!
It's on! Get ready.
I'm gonna ruin that
pretty dress of yours.
Oh. no. I dare you.
I dare you.
All right. you...
Are lucky.
Saved by the bell?
Yeah. I was gonna
carry some stuff.
I'll be right back.
Coach.
Maya said you talked. but
I wanted to make it official.
You're reinstated.
So. what do you say?
Yes.
I wanna come back.
You're going back to Chicago?
I guess I am.
How long have you known?
Maya said it
was a possibility.
but I just got
the official word.
I've had so much fun with
you. but this is my career.
You understand?
Yeah. of course.
Of course I understand.
But also. it feels
like we have something.
We definitely
do have something.
But also. I've been
down this road.
I know how hard it is with
me constantly traveling.
It's never worked before.
Yeah. but also...
It's never been
you and me before.
Wow.
What?
I just realized
that I have a type.
That's not fair.
I don't put my package on you.
No. because that would
mean you'd have to let me in.
which is something I think
you might be incapable of.
I'm sorry. I don't
mean to say that.
It's fine. I want
you to be happy.
I want you to succeed.
And I think what we have to do
is just focus on the girls
and get them to
the championship.
and then at least
they can have a win.
Em.
Stop punishing yourself.
I'm not punishing myself.
I'm training.
Sure. yeah.
Go for it.
Ava. why don't you get
your auntie a towel?
Em? Doing okay?
Yeah. I'm fine.
Just...
Just. what did he think?
That I was gonna give up my
career and uproot my life?
He knew I wanted
back on the team.
Yeah. sure.
But maybe he thought
he was the team too.
Who is it?
Hello?
Oh. hi. Coach.
I understand.
Natalie is injured.
Coach needs me back in
Chicago immediately.
So you're not gonna be
there for the championships?
I'm so sorry.
It's fine.
I knew you'd leave.
Oh...
Oh. hey.
Hey.
I just came here to tell you
that I'm going back to
Chicago sooner than expected.
In fact. I'm heading there now.
Wow.
I'm sorry. I'm not gonna be
here for the championships.
But you don't need me.
No.
We'll be fine.
Why did you come tell
me this in person?
I...
It's just...
I don't know.
Okay.
Have a really good flight.
Goodbye.
We should go.
Ava. I'm sorry.
I'm not leaving you.
I'm just...
We're gonna video
chat all the time.
and I'm gonna visit so much
you're gonna be sick of me.
I could never get sick of you.
Clearly you've never had
to share a room with her.
Ha. ha. ha.
For the ride.
Oh...
I don't deserve you.
Yes. you do.
And I deserve you.
I'll come around a lot.
Good.
'Cause it doesn't have to
be either soccer or us.
I know.
Because...
We need you.
I miss you guys already.
Chen is back. baby!
It's so good to have you back.
It's good to be back.
Yeah.
let's win this!
Yeah. we
got our star player back...
Keep it going.
Good.
Think we still have a shot?
We'll be fine
without her. Sheila.
Oh. okay.
Okay.
Okay. nice. nice.
Nice.
Sharp. sharp.
Nice. in the corner.
Okay. here we go. Here we go.
It's okay. it's okay.
She'll get there.
Yeah.
All right.
Let's go!
Hi. Cucu!
Just leaving rehearsal.
Every time I call you. you're
in the middle of rehearsal.
I know.
Our rehearsal schedule
has been intense.
but I'm totally off book now.
and we just finished
blocking our last scene.
I don't understand half
of what you just said.
but you sound
super professional.
I can't believe I'm gonna
miss your big debut.
I know. Same.
But I completely understand.
We working women have important
demands to keep up with.
Exactly.
Go. Have fun.
Okay. love ya!
Thank you.
Look what I got.
Oh my gosh.
- They're done.
- Oh my God!
They're exactly the same size.
Yeah. not really. but-
Yeah. okay.
How can I help you?
You taught me something
really valuable...
Hey!
Just wanted to wish
you good luck...
I mean. to tell you break a leg.
Thanks. Dad.
I'm just a little bummed that
Auntie Em isn't gonna be here.
Surprise!
Auntie Em!
I'm so happy you're here!
I'm so proud of you!
- Okay.
We gotta go.
Bye!
I'm so excited.
Oh. hey.
How are you?
Good. good.
Wasn't sitting there
when I put my coat down.
Uh huh.
I thought you were in Chicago.
It hit me that I wouldn't
miss Ava's big opening.
so I just...
Give me excess
of it that. surfeiting.
the appetite may sicken-
We can talk later.
And so die.
What country.
friends. is this?
This is Illyria. lady.
And what should
I do in Illyria?
She's so good.
Yeah. she is.
Assure yourself.
And so perchance. may he be.
What's to come
is still unsure
In delay. there
lies no plenty
But that's all one
Our play is done
And we'll strive to
please you every day
Ava!
She's so good!
I'm gonna go find Ava.
Be right there.
You're back.
I guess I realized that
it doesn't have to be
either soccer or...
Being here.
I can be both a great soccer
player and a great person.
Yeah. you can.
I was hoping I could still
coach the championship with you.
That should be fine.
As long as we can both agree
to keep things professional.
But I don't want to...
Oh!
Hi!
Oh my gosh!
There she is.
Kid. you were amazing on stage.
You were a natural.
Thanks. Coach.
You were incredible.
Like a young Michelle Yeoh.
You really think?
Oh. yeah.
I sobbed.
And the last time that I cried.
was when Gabby Ackerman kicked
my thigh with her cleats.
It's true.
- Oh!
- You were so great. kiddo!
Yay!
Team Chen!
Thought you could use these.
And are
looking very strong.
as we open up the...
You ready for today?
I should be asking you that.
You don't always have
to be so strong. Cucu.
It's okay to be sad.
You're the best.
Seriously?
Who raised you?
- This guy!
- Oh!
Oh. yeah. okay.
The "cool dad".
Way to ruin a moment. Dad.
Ava.
Can you help me out?
All right!
Woo!
Okay. girls. you've
been working so hard.
so I just wanted to get
you something special.
- Thank you!
That's cool.
All right. I want
you to remember.
when you're out there. have fun!
But also. girls. we
can win this thing.
But more importantly.
enjoy yourselves.
Okay. one more thing.
The goalkeeper is very tall.
so keep your shots
on the ground.
All right. on three.
Purple Thunder. one. two. three!
Purple Thunder!
Go get 'em. go
get 'em. go get 'em.
You. listen.
You're fast.
And I want you to be fast.
I had no idea that you
could do the things
that you can do.
so do it. go in.
Okay?
- Okay.
And have fun. Have fun.
Finals!
Right?
I mean. oh my gosh.
Well...
- Coach.
- Ava.
Hey. what's this?
My aunt also had these made.
Thank you.
So. I made a
slight adjustment.
Coach.
Ava.
Yeah. she's a good girl.
I'm sorry I pushed you away.
I'm just...
I don't have the
best track record.
and I'm not always great
at being on a team.
I know.
You got a whole year in
Chicago to work on that. so.
Actually. I realized that
Chicago isn't for me anymore.
I mean. I got everything
that I thought I wanted.
and instead of feeling
joy. I felt alone.
It's like I have all
the success in the world
and it just tastes like ash.
So I asked Coach to
move me closer to home.
Wait. what?
Are you kid...
Are you kidding? You're
playing for the Triumphs?
Yeah.
In Seattle? Like an hour away?
So I'm gonna have so much time
to help you with the complex.
if you decide to do it.
Well. I hope I
decide to do it.
because I signed the lease.
Yes!
Yeah!
- Let's go Thunder!
- Come on. Thunder!
Over here!
Pass it to Chen.
Go. go. go. go. go. go!
Oh. it's okay.
No!
Yeah!
Yes. yes!
Oh. oh!
Come on!
Come on! Let's go!
Shoot it! Shoot it!
We won!
Team Chen!
Look what I got.
Here's the game ball. Coach.
Woo!
Thanks. Coach.
So...
An hour away. huh?
I'll have my apartment
in Seattle for practice.
and then I'll be across the
street for the rest of the week.
Sounds like you won.
Sounds like we both won.
Giving you my heart.
that's all my tears
Yeah!
It's clear. I wanna be here
I wanna be here
I was in the sky.
on flying cars
I've been sitting right
there in your arms
I could search
forever. but it's clear
I wanna be here.
I wanna be here